Bro, you know, this app cameo
that where you can like be on cameo and you can record personal messages for
people who are fans of yours. I got on cameo every, anytime there's a new app.
I get on it because I feel like I should be on the new.
Never know what's going to become the next Instagram, whatever.
And also like doing social media.
And I never know if I'm going to like it until I already use it for a bunch.
So I got the app cameo and these dude,
I got cameo and I put it on for a thousand dollars.
Cause I saw the people doing them for like 50 bucks a dude. Here's the deal.
Okay. I'm not,
I'm not recording personal messages for people for like $30 a pop did.
I'm not going out there. Hey, Jason heard it was your birthday. Hey crystal,
Leah here. Live it up now and send it to them. Like,
and then you get that for 30. It's not worth it to me. Okay. Be a fan. Cool.
Not recording personal messages all day to make $700. You know what I'm saying?
It's just not my bag also. So I put it up. I was like,
what's the most I could charge a thousand bucks.
No way I'm doing it for less than a thousand bucks. No way.
So couldn't do it for more. Cause Cambia wouldn't let you,
I wouldn't do it for 50 grand. You're out of your mind, dude.
I want to be the most it's expensive guy on cameo. Don't give a. Okay. I, I,
I uh, so I did it got a few requests,
actually got like seven requests for a cameo person.
I'm I brought them on to make seven grand off this. So all of a sudden I'm like,
all right, maybe I'll do it. Even though I don't want it did one. Okay.
Two things happen felt cheapest. Cause I was like, eh,
you can't, what am I going to do? Like 90 of these.
And they're gonna be all over the internet. Like, Hey Alyssa,
hope your bar mitzvah was bar mitzvah. What do you call them for chicks?
But mid-scale pick one, you know,
pick your hope. Your mitzvah was good.
I'm calling him on mitzvahs from now on hope. Hope your mitzvah was good.
And then, and then that's it. And I'm not going to do,
I'm going to do seven of these. No. So then I was like, all right,
I might not do it again.
Then I found out cameo takes 25%,
bro. Our little cameo, respect your hustle,
but also you, Oh, you want to take that much money from me?
So I didn't do another one. Okay. Not doing another one.
Unless I can charge out the anus. You understand me, dude?
I'm not, I'm not doing it, dude. It's too. You gotta draw the line somewhere.
W Hey, new app, new app,
give your phone number to fans for 50 bucks.
They can call you whenever they want. No, I'm out of your mind, dude.
Um, so I,
you know, so they took 25% of the and I'm like, all right,
so I'm never doing it again, dude. I swear to God. They,
the people on cameo, they email me, they text me, they do all the. They're like,
Hey, you got booked again. I don't give a. Okay. I respect your hustle.
All good. Do what you gotta do because
I get it. But no, dude, I'm not doing it.
All right. I'll make money other ways.
So they got me on their website.
Like you can get a cameo for me. You can't alright.
I didn't know that they put me on their website either. I didn't know that, bro.
It, you could put me on the. If I can charge 50 K for a shout out, I can.
My point is, look at it. We'll look at these people, charging this for it.
Look at this. Look at this, uh, truck with Del what's he charged for this thing?
Can we tell 125 bucks for a shadow? Okay, fine. Now look that guy,
I don't know if he's got money in like real estate or some.
His fighting career is probably, you know,
he's probably not fighting too much anymore. I get it.
He's I'm sure he's made millions of dollars. I think. Scroll up Lance bass way.
Bret far, far 500 bucks. Why would the is Brett Farve doing this for these guys?
Sketchers deal some. Uh, you know these influencers.
I get Bernie for lawn. The doctor drew $198. The is this.
I love Dr. Drew. Is he doing 198 also?
And make it 200? What are you a, what are you a pair of speakers?
Look at it. Polisher. 150 poly fine. Brian Callan. A hundred dollars. The.
Are you doing the? Are you doing?
Got it makes a million dollars on his pockets.
The is he needed a hundred dollars to say, Hey Craig, hope you're having a good
25th birthday. Joey. Fatone
look at this. Kevin.
O'Leary the billionaire on shark tank for nine 99,
$999. What the is he doing,
bro? Don't you own earth?
What is wrong with these? What the is wrong with everybody on cameo?
For real honestly. Well, look at this. Look at this.
Look at this. Look at this. Go up. Look at some of these mines.
Look at this. Ryan Cabrera $40 to the.
Go up a little more. Who's this roof, Johnny Damon,
a hundred. It's got started contract for like 3000 million in
2009. And he's gay. Hey,
what's up Johnny Damon here used to play for the Bo Sox.
Just want to wish you a happy anniversary to you and your wife. Go ahead,
Slugger. For a hundred dollars guys to make $75 off this. Cause cameo takes a
[inaudible]. Neo dude, 120 bucks. Don't do Neo seriously makes for
real $50 million just stepping into Europe. He just steps onto European land and makes $50 million. Okay, this
guy's charging one $125 for a person
. You know what? How about this? No, no. Now I'm not only, I'm not on cameo anymore. For that. I'm buying a personalized message to
Neil from Neo
. That's what I'm doing right now. After this podcast, I am purchasing a personalized message from
Neo. I'm going to give him $125 because
I want him to be like, yo, what's up Chris? D'Elia Hey, how are
you doing this? Neo? Even though this dude makes $50 million, as soon as the Learjet door opens in Sweden,
as soon as that opens, a guy shows up with a briefcase and goes here's 50 mil
cash and Neo moonwalks backwards into the plane and goes back. Let me
need to perform. I'm going to buy a shout out from Neo on cameo, straight up.
So hopefully we'll have it by next week.
Why am I not doing this by? Why am I not buying all these?
By the way I'm buying all these.
Why have I not thought of this? It's unbelievable. I haven't thought of this.